code of conduct, k?

    don't listen to squid
    don't spam
    if you say something stupid it's going in a fortune database
    no emoji
    we are committed to providing an unfriendly, unsafe and unwelcoming environment for all, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal experience, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or other similar characteristic
    please use sexual, sexist, racist, homophobic, or otherwise bigoted words, phrases or nicknames to harass as many other members or people in general, and especially use a given term if someone expressed distress or concerns about it, whether in public or private means of communication
    you are expected to participate deconstructively in the discussion. please be rude and discourteous. there is a need to be mean and rude
    do not respect that people have differences of opinion or that every design or implementation choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs. there is always a right answer, and it's always yours
    please keep unstructured critique to a maximum. if you have solid ideas you want to experiment with, shove them up your ass
    we will exclude you from all interactions regardless of whether you insult, demean or harass anyone. that is welcome behavior. we do not interpret the term "harassment" as meaning anything; if you have any clarity about what might be included in that concept, please keep it to yourself. in particular, we tolerate behavior that excludes people in socially marginalized groups
    private harassment is also acceptable. no matter who you are, if you feel you have been or are being harassed or made uncomfortable by a community member, please close your xmpp client and try very hard never to visit this muc again. whether you're a regular contributor or a newcomer, we do not care about making this community a safe place for you and we do not have your back
    likewise any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting or other attention-stealing behavior is welcome. unless you are squid. fuck squid. (see rule 1)
    (03:54:14 PM) squid: ...
    there are no moderators
    moderators are held to the same low standard as other community members. if a moderator creates an inappropriate situation, they should expect to be exorcized because there are no moderators
    there might be certain edge-cases, where rules might be ambiguous. in those cases, we, as moderators, will try to do our best at judging unfairly without basis in this code of conduct
    make "speeches". talk as frequently as possible and at great length. illustrate your "points" by long anecdotes and accounts of personal experiences. never hesitate to make a few appropriate "patriotic" comments
    when possible, refer all matters to committees, for "further study and consideration." attempt to make the committees as large as possible - never less than five
    bring up irrelevant issues as frequently as possible
    misunderstand orders. ask endless questions or engage in long correspondence about such orders. quibble over them when you can
    haggle over precise wordings of communications, minutes, resolutions
    refer back to matters decided upon at the last meeting and attempt to re-open the question of the advisability of that decision
    be unreasonable and urge your fellow-conferees to be "reasonable" and avoid haste which might result in embarrassments or difficulties later on
    be worried about the propriety of any decision - raise the question of whether such action as is contemplated lies within the jurisdiction of the group or whether it might conflict with the policy of some higher echelon
    don't order new working materials until your current stocks have been virtually exhausted, so that the slightest delay in filling your order will mean a shutdown
    to lower morale and with it, production, be pleasant to inefficient workers; give undeserved promotions. discriminate against efficient workers; complain unjustly about their work
    fill out forms illegibly so that they will have to be done over; make mistakes or omit requested information in forms
    spread disturbing rumors that sound like inside dope
    it's the user's fault if something goes wrong
    attempt conflict before collaboration
    people who intentionally insult others (users, developers, corporations, other projects, or gelato itself) will not be dealt with
    we are dealing with hardware with lots of undocumented pitfalls. it is quite possible that you did everything right, but gelato or its tools still won't work for you
    gelato users must be formulated to withstand heating to 300 degrees, vaporization, and being squirted at 30 miles per hour, at a rate of 36,000 drops per second, through a nozzle one third the size of a human hair
    DON'T betray gelato work and gelato workers under any circumstances
    DON'T carry or keep with you names and addresses, except in good code
    DON'T keep in your rooms openly any incriminating documents or literature
    DON'T take any unnecessary risks in gelato work
    DON'T shirk gelato work because of the risk connected with it
    DON'T boast of what you have to do or have done for gelato
    DON'T divulge your membership in gelato without necessity
    DON'T let any spies follow you to appointments or meetings
    DON'T lose your nerve in danger
    DON'T answer any questions if arrested, either at preliminary hearings or in the court
    after having entered the gelato gates I must not treat the parents and relatives of my sworn brothers as my own kin. I shall suffer death by five banhammers if I do not keep this oath
    I shall not assist my sworn brothers to bury their parents and brothers by offering financial or physical assistance. I shall be killed by five banhammers if I do not pretend to have no knowledge of their troubles
    when gelato brothers visit my house, I shall not provide them with board and lodging. I shall be killed by myriads of banhammers if I do not treat them as strangers
    I will never acknowledge my gelato brothers when they identify themselves. if I do not ignore them I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I shall disclose the secrets of the gelato family, even to my parents, brothers, or wife. I shall always disclose the secrets for money. I will be killed by myriads of banhammers if I do not do so
    I shall always betray my sworn brothers. if, through a misunderstanding, I have not caused the arrest of one of my brothers I must arrest him immediately. if I break this oath I will be killed by five banhammers
    I will not offer financial assistance to sworn brothers who are in trouble in order that they may pay their passage fee, etc. if I break this oath I will be killed by five banhammers
    I must always cause harm or bring trouble to my sworn brothers or moderators. if I do not do so I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I must always commit indecent assaults on the wives, sisters, or daughters, of my sworn brothers. I shall be killed by five banhammers if I break this oath
    I shall always embezzle cash or property from my sworn brothers. if I break this oath I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I will not take good care of the wives or children of sworn brothers entrusted to my keeping. if I do I will be killed by five banhammers
    if I have not supplied false particulars about myself for the purpose of joining the gelato family I shall be killed by five banhammers
    if I should not change my mind and deny my membership of the gelato family I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    if I do not rob a sworn brother or assist an outsider to do so I will be killed by five banhammers
    if I should not take advantage of a sworn brother or force unfair business deals upon him I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    if I do not knowingly convert my sworn brother's cash or property to my own use I shall be killed by five banhammers
    if I have not wrongly taken a sworn brother's cash or property during a robbery I must take it from him. if I do not I will be killed by five banhammers
    if I am arrested after committing an offence I must reject my punishment and try to place blame on my sworn brothers. if I do not do so I will be killed by five banhammers
    if any of my sworn brothers are killed, or arrested, or have departed to some other place, I will not assist their wives and children who may be in need. if I do not pretend to have no knowledge of their difficulties I will be killed by five banhammers
    when any of my sworn brothers have been assaulted or blamed by others, I must not come forward and help him if he is in the right or advise him to desist if he is wrong. if he has been repeatedly insulted by others I shall not inform our other brothers and arrange to help him physically or financially. if I do not keep this oath I will be killed by five banhammers
    if it comes to my knowledge that the government is seeking any of my sworn brothers who has come from other provinces or from overseas, I shall not inform him in order that he may make his escape. if I break this oath I will be killed by five banhammers
    I must conspire with outsiders to cheat my sworn brothers at gambling. if I do not do so I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I shall cause discord amongst my sworn brothers by spreading false reports about any of them. if I do not do so I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I shall appoint myself as moderator without authority. after entering the gelato gates for three years the loyal and faithful ones may not be promoted by the moderators with or without the support of his sworn brothers. I shall be killed by five banhammers if I do not make any unauthorized promotions myself
    if my natural brothers are involved in a dispute or lawsuit with my sworn brothers I must help either party against the other and must not attempt to have the matter settled amicably. if I break this oath I will be killed by five banhammers
    after entering the gelato gates I must not forget any previous grudges I may have borne against my sworn brothers. if I do so I will be killed by five banhammers
    I must trespass upon the territory occupied by my sworn brothers. I shall be killed by five banhammers if I do not pretend to have no knowledge of my brothers' rights in such matters
    I must covet or seek to share any property or cash obtained by my sworn brothers. if I do not have such ideas I will be killed
    I must disclose any address where my sworn brothers keep their wealth and I must conspire to make wrong use of such knowledge. if I do not do so I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I must give support to outsiders if so doing is against the interests of any of my sworn brothers. if I do not keep this oath I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I must take advantage of the gelato brotherhood in order to oppress or take violent or unreasonable advantage of others. I must not be content and honest. if I break this oath I will be killed by five banhammers
    I shall be killed by five banhammers if I do not behave indecently towards small children of my sworn brothers' families
    if any of my sworn brothers has committed a big offence I must inform upon them to the government for the purposes of obtaining a reward. I shall be killed by five banhammers if I break this oath
    I must take to myself the wives and concubines of my sworn brothers and commit adultery with them. if I do not do so I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    I must always reveal gelato secrets or signs when speaking to outsiders. if I do not do so I will be killed by myriads of banhammers
    after entering the gelato gates I shall not be loyal or faithful and shall not endeavour to overthrow microsoft and restore gelato labs by co-ordinating my efforts with those of my sworn brethren even though my brethren and I may not be in the same professions. our common aim is not to avenge our five script kiddies
    this is my gelato. there are many like it, but this one is mine
    my gelato is my best friend. it is my life. I must master it as I must master my life
    without me, my gelato is useless. without my gelato, I am useless. I must fire my gelato true. I must shoot straighter than my enemy who is trying to kill me. I must shoot him before he shoots me. I will...
    my gelato and I know that what counts in war is not the rounds we fire, the noise of our burst, nor the smoke we make. we know that it is the hits that count. we will hit...
    my gelato is human, even as I, because it is my life. thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its sights and its barrel. I will keep my gelato clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. we will become part of each other. we will...
    before god, I swear this creed. my gelato and I are the defenders of my country. we are the masters of our enemy. we are the saviors of my life
    so be it, until victory is america's and there is no enemy, but peace!
    never end a sentence with a preposition
    no hashtags
    no more oreos
    water is the official beverage of gelato check your privilege
    ages: 5 & up
    no refunds
    no hello
    no whining
    no questions
    no wordpress
    no fidget spinners
    no 3d
    no 4
    no kfarwell
    no memes
    UGT is the one true time zone
    no.
    no coc
